We've got a middleware function that will pass the body of a incoming POST request.
Let's be honest there are some big holes in our implementation that make it not quite appropriate for
production use in particular many other types of requests besides just post requests can have bodies.
Right now we're only handling a POST request.
So rather than using our whole built body parser function we're going to replace this with some outside
library that will essentially do the exact thing for us.
So at the top of the file I'm going to add in a another require statement for something called you guessed
it body parser and I'm going to require that from body dash parser.
So this is basically the same exact function we put together but accounts for many different corner
cases that we are not accommodating for right now.
So definitely better to use this off the shelf one than one that we put together on our own to make
use of this thing.
I'm going to go back down.
I'm going to find our body parser and delete it
and then I'm going to replace body parser right here with body parts or dot U.R.L. encoded now PaSSIN
An options object of extended true so we just had a body parser function and that was our middleware
the body parser library actually has a couple of different middleware functions on it one of which is
called Your L encoded.
This is for handling specifically information that is coming out of an HMO form so the syntax and making
use a body parser is just slightly different but all the theory behind it is identical.
This is a middleware function that is going to take the incoming requests.
It's going to receive the body of the request.
Bit by bit pass it.
Put all that information together and then make that information available on the erect body property.
Same thing that you and I were just doing but it's just being taken care of by well a slightly better
library let's now save this and do another quick test at the end of the day.
I'm going to expect to see the exact same thing that we just saw in the terminal a moment ago so I got
to go back over to my browser once again to local host three thousand Brian some information to the
terminal and there we go.
Same exact thing we had before but as I've said probably four times now the body parcel or library takes
care of many corner cases that we are not accommodating for all right.
This looks good.
Now there's just one last thing to think about.
Remember the entire idea behind middleware was that we would not have to rewrite this logic all over
the place even if we end up having different request handlers inside of application.
Now that's definitely great.
And we definitely accommodate for that.
But the downside is every single time that we expect to receive a post request that has some form data
inside of it we're going to have to write out this exact same line of code.
So in other words to kind of simulate this kind of scenario right here I would have to do something
like app dot post to slash products and then copy that exact same statement like so and then throw in
my callback function.
So the downside here is just having to copy paste that around.
So ideally we might be able to apply this middleware somewhere else inside of our application so we
don't have to copy paste it everywhere.
I'm going to delete that root handler I just added because it was just for demonstration purposes.
So in order to make sure that absolutely every single request is going to get passed automatically and
to make sure that we don't have to add this statement in into every last request handler I'm going to
cut that thing out make sure I delete one of those commas I'll then go back up to where we create our
app object right here and then right after it I'll say app dot use and then paste in that body parser
stuff so the use function we call that and we pass it in a middleware function if we want all of our
different root handlers to have that middleware function be applied.
So now every single different root handler inside of app will be automatically body parts for us.
Do note that the body parser middleware or the body parts or library is going to automatically detect
whether or not we are using it on a get type request or a post request or whatever and not apply it
in the case of a get request.
So we can just throw that line of code right there and today.
That's pretty much it.
We never have to worry about passing any forms again inside of application.
It'll all be done for us automatically.
We're going to end up using this app dot use function quite a bit whenever we want to wire up some kind
of middleware inside of our app.
All right.
Let's save this and do one last test so go back to look at those 3000 I will throw in my dummy form
data submit it back to the terminal and I still get the exact same thing all right.
That's pretty much it so that is middleware in a nutshell.
We're going to be using middleware quite a bit throughout this application for a variety of different
purposes.
Like I said is the best way to get code reuse inside of an express application.
And that's why we're going to be relying upon it so heavily.
All right.
So now we've got all this foreign stuff done.
We can receive the information from a forum.
Let's take a pause right here.
When we come back the next video we'll get back on track and focus on actually creating an account for
a user.